# Reflection Letter

I think the most obvious change to my writing process is about revision. In my past writing experiences, most of the time, I was asked to write about fixed topic within limit time during my literaure exam and despite that I have never write anything about myself or something I was personally interested in. As a result, I would never want to see my writing again after finish it. Sometime, I knew that I was not writing good and made up a lot sentences just to satisfy the word limit so I even felt shame to look at it again. However, things have been changed now. Throughout the semester, I have to revisit what I have written again and again, and also it is now impossible for me to finish a writing with only one visit. I have to draft it, evolve it again and again. The most important thing is that I am willing to do it because I was writing something that I was interested in. I started it enjoy writing not only in class but also in my personal life. Recently, I started to write diary just to organize what I was thinking about every day. Although I don't usually revisit my diary, I see it as a nice chance to put my abstruct and random ideas into words and that really helps because otherwise they will just flow away and I will never remember I had them.Despite my diary, I also started to keep record about the process whenver I solved a problem. That could literally be any problem. Most them are just bugs I resolved in my computer but I also wrote some about my billiards practice. I was just like the narrative we did in this class after every major assignment and in fact I was inspired by that. That is really helpful to keep me envolving and stop making the same silly mistake again and again.

In terms of writing rhetorically, honestly I would say that it is not something very new to me. But a very useful intuition would be to always remind myself about the audience. Once I have a fixed audience, my writing would always be much more fluent and the tone would be much more consistent.

In terms of research process, I would say it provide me a very decent chance to try out the new AI searching tools. In the past, whenever I was confused about anything, google would be the first option. However, a huge problem is that in many cases, I do not know what is the question. By which I mean that sometimes the problem is kind of vague that I will be hard to put it into concise phrases that is searchable in Google. And Generative AIs are good at understand you with only vague description, so nowadays I would usually ask AI first so that I can understand what I am actually ask about and then seach about specific terms that I am actaully look for in search engine. Also in terms of academic research, I some AI tools are extremely effecient in finding articles I need which saves a lot of time in searching titles and reading abstract.

In terms of evidence using, I don't have too many thoughts on that. My way would be pretty straight forward. I would just use evidence when I feel that I need to and follow them by logic to reach the point I want to make.

In terms of arguement, at the beginning of the course I did struggle a bit about what is an arguement and how to write one. But now I would say that I am pretty confident with that and I think it is actually important in any writings because I want my writings to be actually meaningful. I do not want my writing to be just restatement of other people's idea. In the beginning, I first came up with a topic about British pool and American pool and tried to make comparison. But a simple comparison makes no arguement because they are just facts. Then I changed the topic to a more open question about China's economics and Chinese billiards and we could see there is a potential induction relationship in there so that I can make an arguement. Then I started to learn about how to write an 'aggresive' arguement sentence like 'other people are saying ... but I argue that ...' That is what I learnt and how I learnt about arguement.

In terms of my future writings, I would say that a lot of things I learnt and implement here could be transplanted including what I metioned like arguement, revision and research. In general I would say this course is useful and serves good as its role as General Education. The techique I learnt here are adaptable to any situation of writing. Words and languages are one of the greatest invention by human beings in my mind. How wonderful it is to be able to convey any types of information in such a consise way. I cannot draw but I can write. My writing would never be consider good in terms of literacy, but it is a perfect container of my ideas.
